Overall it is a bit hard for me to give you much of a review for this capstone project.

Why?

Well, the bulk of the project was the work on the map. Obviously this is a problem with an external library instead of your own code.

However, your work was clean. I can see you utilizing everything we have taught during bootcamp. You are able to setup your server,
are able to communicate with the server via the client and are also able to communicate with a database via the server.

I think you could improve upon your Backend design decisions a bit from what I have seen on this BE repo, but since it is just a small sample-size of code, I am not sure how subjective my feedback here is.
Ideally we want to work towards validating client input always. May it be request params, request bodys or query params. We never want to trust anyone, sadly :D!

I like how you made use of a BaseController here.

Your Frontend naming sense is a bit questionable for components, and I would almost consider creating more folders on the components folder as it has all files related to modals and tabs in it. We could create a folder for Modal, one for Tabs, and then make these components dynamic to be reused across our whole codebase. But given that the codebase is quite small, I did not comment on that. Please keep in mind to abstract things as much as possible and give it as good of a naming as you can in the future. Just a reminder, not negative feedback for your project.

Along the whole bootcamp you were very consistent. You always delivered, even when it was hard to do so due to some circumstances. I think your resilience is a very good attribute of yours, even though you always sigh haha :D! You should definitely highlight that resilience during interviews in some form, it is a strong suit of yours. You are very reliable and I never once thought of you as hard to deal with as a student. You ask good questions, though you could ask a bit more often! This would not only help you, but your whole team with their understanding (people often rather stay silent than ask). I do see you landing a engineering job, especially given your background! Give it your all and stay in contact! Add me on LinkedIn or sth yah :)!